oh boy these guys we skate look right
here okay that's all I'm that yeah get
the hell on the way where this rundown
spot this was the classic car wash gap
with no car wash anymore pregnancy yeah
it's been a long time long time since
I've been here these weren't here last
night yeah I remember being here now
they look like they've been here minute
then we move this
sure this one is fuck this would be a
perfect spot to move
you can grab this in them launching
Arthur rolling down the hill yeah
perfect spot record what spot
right worthless the high scrap perfect
they look for a six shot right right
Ames this is gonna be classic Amelia
here you go it's on okay do you guys
think he has a first try i'm gonna say
he's gonna stick this is ground so close
enough
thanks but luckily we reviewed that
footage Justin cuz you kind of messed
that up well you know most cameras have
a screen it makes it a lot easier to
tell what the hell you're doing fingers
crossed let's check that I think you did
well fine on set we got some gear here
were you a professional I try to be
you
I